# Meeting Minutes - 2024/11/11

*  Attendees:  *
- Yousef Bisharah [40151411]
- Elif Sag Sesen [40283343]
- Robert Stacey [40228769]
- Hendrik Nelson Tebeng Nzodoum [40282196]
- Jana El Madhoun [40272201]

* Minutes: *
- Discussing what went well/bad with the last sprint (Sprint 3)
  - Implementation of features went really well
  - Organization didn't go as well
    - Rushed
    - Uncertainty concerning Acceptance Tests (how to write them)
  - Not as much communication with the TA (and the professor) as wanted
  - In the end everything was good and completed
- Discussing instructions of Sprint 4
  - Start assigning responsibilities
  - Discussing what the last new feature would be
    - Ideas: translation of website to French, AI chatbox, reporting misbehaviours of teammates or password reset
      - The feature must be validated by the professor and the TA
- Start Sprint 4 planning

* Next Meeting: *
- 2024/11/14, @1615, Hall
