# Meeting Minutes - 2024/11/07

*  Attendees:  *
- Yousef Bisharah [40151411]
- Elif Sag Sesen [40283343]
- Robert Stacey [40228769]
- Hendrik Nelson Tebeng Nzodoum [40282196]
- Jana El Madhoun [40272201]

* Minutes: *
- Final touches before demo (for basic features)
- Everyone committed their changes in order to allow for detailed assessments, and summary of assessements.
- Showing what was done so far & putting everything together
- Preparing for demo
- Demoed the summary of assessements page (elif, hendrik) and the detailed assessment page (jana, yousef)
- Discussed two features to implement
  -We will be implementing a chat feature so that the teacher and students can commuinicate with eachother -> robert
  -We will be implemented a feature where the data from the summary page can be exported to an excel sheet with graphical charts. -> yousef
-Discussed adding ci/cd tests for sprint1 and sprint 2 -> robert

* Next Meeting: *
- 2024/11/10 ONLINE
